1. the host will choose how many players will participate in the game.
Player colors:
1. green
2. blue
3. yellow
4. red
5. purple
6. orange

total territory count: 24 territories.

case1: total of 6 players:
each player gets 4 initial territories,
0 territories remain empty.

case2: total of 5 players:
each player gets 4 initial territories,
4 territories remain empty.

case3: total of 4 players:
each player gets 6 initial territories, 
0 territories remain empty.

case4: total of 3 players:
each player gets 8 initial territories,
0 territories remain empty.

case5: total of 2 players:
each player gets 12 initial territories,
0 territories remain empty.

Start of the game:
1. each player (either human or computer) will get 21 forces to reinforce.
2. in each turn - each player gets to reinforce 1 force to an exising territory.
3. this initial-reinforcement takes place until all players run out of the 21 initial forces that they have.

regular move (human):
1. will make some reinforcements (determined by the total owned territories + whole-continent bonus)
2. click the territory - from which to send an attack.
3. click an enemy territory in order to place an attack.
4. Enter the "attacking screen".
	a. for each strike - select how many dice to attack with (min-1, max-3)
	b. enemy - if has 2/more forces - defend with 2 dice, 1/less forces - defend with 1 dice.
		i. if the enemy defends with 2 dice - 2 of the highest attack dice will count.
		ii. if the enemy defends with 1 dice - 1 of the highest attack dice will count.
	c. autoroll - sacrifice all of my forces till either one of us gets defeated.
5. player moving units - move forces from the attacking territory to the defending territory.
	a. minimum 1 forces in the newly captured territory.
	b. mimimum 1 forces in the attacked territory.

6. press "finish attacking session".
7. fortifiy - move forces from 1 territory to another.
	a. the territories must have border string - a sequence of countries that have borders with one another.
	b. the territories that we can fortifiy forces to - will have a border-colored glow (the color of my nation).